From here, go ahead and open up your notebook.
What you'll see is a familiar notebook view that you would
expect if you were running Jupiter Notebooks on your local cluster,
except this time, it's being stored on inside Amazon.
So let's go ahead and actually run some of
the same commands that we ran from our previous lesson when we were working with Spark.
I've got a few commands loaded up that you could also find in the GitHub repo.
So in this case,
let's go ahead and just copy those directly over.
When you first run a command,
whether it uses Spark or not,
you'll get prompted with this starting Spark application.
That's just the Amazon doing exactly what it says,
starting the Spark application.
Then while that's going,
we'll get ready to do an actual command that triggers an action.
So prompts that the Spark session is available,
and let's go ahead and do another command.
As you recall, this does something very simple.
It takes this list of songs that would have been from our Sparkfy application.
If all goes well, it should lowercase them all with this very simple lower function.
However, there is a small bug in Spark,
which causes a problem.
Specifically, it seems to have some problem with this authentication token,
not having some links.
If you actually look into this,
what you'll see is this has nothing to do with our actual code.
So this is the first example of a error in Spark,
and it's not uncommon to encounter these errors.
So let's go ahead and try to debug this.
So the very first thing that you can do,
which will get you past most errors is to try to just Google it.
If you actually just take this last thing,
making sure that it doesn't have any specific information about our cluster.
So if we just googled this whole thing,
we'd probably come up with no results because this data is unique to us.
But if we just take this last error, and specifically,
I would try adding the word PySpark,
go ahead and Google that.
What you'll see pretty quickly is that there's a few errors showing up.
Actually, the one that's probably most relevant is this newest one.
You can see that it's got a specific Spark tag on it.
So I'll go ahead and check that out.
This is actually from the Spark mailing lists,
so it doesn't have all the information we need.
But importantly, it has this link to
the actual JIRA page that has the actual issue tracking.
So if you copy paste that,
what you'll see is that this is actually
a known error that is just from this latest version of Spark,
and if you actually go down to here at the bottom,
you'll see a few things.
One is that what they say here is that this is a known issue,
and it's something that was introduced.
They actually have a few different tags here.
So this is going down the rabbit hole,
but there's actually a separate issue here where this is a duplicate.
So if we click on here,
we can find more details and see if you follow this thread,
which you don't necessarily want to fall all of it.
But the key thing is that this has been resolved,
and it's actually a known issue that will be fixed in the next version of Spark.
This is one of the challenges of working with open-source software,
there's always new bugs and fixes.
But the key thing to take away from this is that if you follow this thread,
you'll see that actually,
it's just a inconvenient bug.
If you run the exact same code again,
it will work perfectly the next time.
So if you just run this twice,
it will actually work the second time exactly, as we expected.
As you can see, the songs that were capitalized are now in lowercase.
So our Spark job is working exactly as we'd like.
You can actually drill down and see more details about the actual Spark job,
and the tasks, and see that everything worked as expected in just a few seconds.